hello everybody and welcome to another
edition of vapid TV we're again in the
Oval Park precinct tonight we're coming
to from the home of Ajax Football Club
sitting beautifully and creme you be at
the moment although a couple of recent
losses I'd want to rectify that this
weekend as we head into round seven
before we go and have a chat check out
how Ajax two teams on a Thursday night
why don't we have a look at the
highlights at the marking goal of the
week mark a Josh caldo University blues
mock me nick butler old Ivan hurt
but for your favorite mark from round
six ave of a TV com ghale Nick jock
Mossad
goal be Dominic rosso collegians
dolci Jacob perv Anderson permits
Goldie Brandt Harrison old Ivanhoe
both your favorite goal from round six
at four tv.com
plenty of action on the field last week
and if you didn't get a chance to look
at any of the highlights of the VA FA or
videos through VA FA tv.com then why not
have a look at what happened this week
in the vif a this week we look at the
art of kicking as giving in to yourself
and playing on and here's how not to do
that now where are you gonna kick it
over there that way so just just over
there ok well go on show us
oh so you meant over there sirens around
the league very here's just a sample of
some of our favorite
Tom now for the fastest goal of the year
is one from the center bounce
send your fastest goals of the year to
the VA FA well it's been a longer than
usual training session for Ajax they're
almost finished though let's head
upstairs and see what's cooking on there
thursday night as we take a look at Ajax
football player
got all the voice here for the great
food avon co a lot of fun
try and give me a non pleasure well he
got Johnson guys was packing the same
drugs was towards the boys have a good
laugh but as I not just love the feeling
before I ok there's going to be Rockies
pastor he's dinners after the past out
with rocking it yeah what did you give
tonight's me later 52 yeah and it's my
favorite thing at the club probably
Rockies pastor because you probably get
sick and vomiting the next day you feel
great the next next day what what now
thats joke is a very good clarify the
cop we are you doing wrapping he's a
lyrics on the field that's the option
field use the guys shoot pages in the
eye and the problems off the guy it's
gotta be fine and there's a funny
as well like at the cloud besides the
coach would have to be the male is my
favor mate and who goes the hardest on
Saturday is also the mail probably the
mailman we call them good old payment
yeah is a mercurial player how did the
40 kicks ridiculous goals and lots of
celebration I got a lot the mailman oh
no that's why i got love the Melman this
look at mrs. in the calculor to Jason
riddim and not across rooms are all
these mrs. Beckham get here 11 north
Europe you choosing the 12 year 11 piece
of la visa
cam is nothing we drop our minds will
assign food program for years just pasta
charges charges for and when the
premature
it fogs liftin a premature hey Alice my
jaw just always we got you Jake rihanna
performing one missing each other take
it off you Jane you have a family do
that for a living is that right I no no
that's just a bit of a rumor but what do
you do I'm a high school teacher
actually so my kids don't do this at
home thank you very much please two
times there are absolutely delicious
sauce please do you think if you give a
ridiculous Golden Week and your any
chance to do that foot as a celebration
absolutely if Marco gives me the old
clear then not our coach yes Mike
you